Translate additionalProperties API properties into arrays. (#544)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services: tools/asset-inventory/README.md

Sometimes the import schema will change. This can happen upstream when a backwards incompatible change is made to an API, such as a change in the datatype of a value or when the code in the pipeline changes the import format. This can cause imports with ```write_disposition=WRITE_APPEND``` to fail with an error simliar to this:

  ```
  "./asset_inventory/import_pipeline.py", line 422, in finish_bundle raise e
  File "./asset_inventory/import_pipeline.py", line 419, in finish_bundle load_job.result()
  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/google/cloud/bigquery/job.py", line 733, in result return super(_AsyncJob, self).result(timeout=timeout)

  File "/usr/local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/google/api_core/future/polling.py", line 127, in result raise self._exception google.api_core.exceptions.BadRequest: 400 Provided Schema does not match Table project-1:assets.run_googleapis_com_Revision. Field resource.data.spec.containers.livenessProbe.handler.exec.command has changed mode from NULLABLE to REPEATED [while running 'load_to_bigquery/load_to_bigquery']
  ```

To resume the import process there are three options.

### 1. Delete the dataset and recreate it.

> The simplist option, this will discard all your data losing prior history but will let you continue the import. You can also try deleting the tables that fail to import if just a few of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest option, this will discard all your data losing prior history but will let you continue the import. You can also try deleting the tables that fail to import if just a few of them.
```

Author: done

  gcloud services enable bigquerydatatransfer.googleapis.com

  # create new dataset to copy tables to
  bq mk my_new_dataset_name
  bq mk --transfer_config  --data_source=cross_region_copy --target_dataset=my_new_dataset_name  --display_name=copy --params='{"source_dataset_id":"my_dataest_name","source_project_id":"my-project-id","overwrite_destination_table":"false"}'

  # wait for transfer config to be completed.
  bq show --transfer_config projects/123/locations/us/transferConfigs/my-tranferconfigid
  ....

  # delete old tables by deleting and recreating the dataset.
  bq rm my_dataset_name
  bq mk my_dataset_name
  ```

### 1. Change import configurations.

to import to a new dataset, or set write_disposition=WRITE_EMPTY.
Changing the dataset the pipeline imports to will create new tables or setting write_disposition to WRITE_EMPTY (which will delete existing data) will allow imports to resume. This is done by changing either the ```config.yaml``` if using the scheduled import process or the ```--parameters`` value in the gcloud command when invoking the template via gcloud.

## Upgrading from version 1.0.0 to 2.0.0

> The 2.0.0 pipeline release unfortuantly changed the import schema to resovle [issue #533](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services/issues/533). Now some user specified and dynamic properties are represented as record arrays of key value pairs rather then just flat records. This was done to keep a more regular schema and prevent accumulation of columns from overflowing table limits. This change could require changes in how you query the data for example, previously to query the App Engine traffic split across two versions you would write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2.0.0 pipeline release unfortuantely changed the import schema to resolve [issue #533](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services/issues/533). Now some user specified and dynamic properties are represented as record arrays of key value pairs rather then just flat records. This was done to keep a more regular schema and prevent accumulation of columns from overflowing table limits. This change could require changes in how you query the data for example, previously to query the App Engine traffic split across two versions you would write:
```

Author: great thanks. done with latest amend.
